docs: adapt docs to new story (#5800)
jina-ai/jina: docs/index.md

::::

::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`gear;1.5em` Learn Executor
:link: concepts/serving/executor/index
:link-type: doc

{term}`Executor` is a Python class that can serve logic using `Documents`.

::::

::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`workflow;1.5em` Learn Deployment
:link: concepts/orchestration/deployment
:link-type: doc

> {term}`Deployment` serves an Executor as an scalable service making it available to receive `Documents` using `grpc` or `HTTP`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{term}`Deployment` serves an Executor as a scalable service making it available to receive `Documents` using `gRPC` or `HTTP`.
```

::::

::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`workflow;1.5em` Learn Flow
:link: concepts/orchestration/flow
:link-type: doc

{term}`Flow` orchestrates Executors using different Deployments into a processing pipeline to accomplish a task.
::::

::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`cross-reference;1.5em` Learn Gateway
:link: concepts/serving/gateway/index

> Gateway is a microservice that serves as an entrypoint of a {term}`Flow`. It exposes multiple protocols for external communications; it routes all internal traffic.. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gateway is a microservice that serves as the entrypoint of a {term}`Flow`. It exposes multiple protocols for external communications and routes all internal traffic.
```
